on tuesday she attended miley cyrus ' concert at the 02 in london just 24 hours prior to the concert the singer had been in new york attending the met gala in a chanel dress with a host of a-list stars despite not leaving the met gala party until late , lily allen managed to make it back to london in time to catch twerking star miley cyrus that evening wednesday may 7 : the 29 - year - old singer looks to have dressed to impress for an evening out at nightspot the chiltern firehouse in the capital as she stood out in a dazzling outfit which was covered in black , red and white stars wednesday may 7 : lily allen appears on alan carr : chatty man wednesday may 7 : the singer appears on chat show ' loose women ' before she changes her clothes and heads out on the town in the run up to the weekend the mother - of - two was spotted enjoying herself at the chanel vip chanel , in london , last thursday despite being the life and soul of the parties on thursday , lily allen had also been out on wednesday evening at a prada party - held at the suddenly star - studded capital venue the firehouse club tuesday may 5 : lily allen tweets a photo of herself on the way to watch miley cyrus tuesday may 6 : lily allen arrives back in britain at heathrow airport despite a night of partying in new york at the met gala monday may 5 : the star looked incredible as she walked the red carpet at the met gala in new york wearing chanel on monday night the star even hits the met gala after party after a change of clothing despite a transatlantic flight home the next day and , beginning her run of partying , the star put on a much - discussed performance at the shepherds bush empire on april 28 she wrote : ' i ca n't stop projectile vomiting , also temperature # poisoned ( sic ) ' need a rest after this ! ! ' tuesday 1 may : lily allen attended both the chanel and fendi parties in london - changing mid-way through the night sunday march 30 : the singer was spotted making her way to the prada party at the firehouse club lily allen is the latest in a long line of celebrities who have posted snaps from their hospital bed on a drip : in january this year , model cara ( right ) tweeted a photo ( left ) in which she was hooked up to an intravenous drip as she rested her arms on a spotty cushion - prompting concern from her fans looking glum : meanwhile , in march , singer rita shared an instagram snap of herself hooked up to a drip , with the caption reading : ' getting ready # musicvideotime # oooohhhhhhhyeaaaaaahhhhh ' one follower , carasmyworld wrote : ' what happened ? ? babe are you okay ? ' and kittysqueal33 commented : ' omg ! cara ! ! ! ! what happened ? ? ly babe ! stay strong what happened ? ? babe are you okay ? ' [ sic ] ' hospitalised : another celebrity to have posted a photo from hospital is rihanna ( right ) , who tweeted a photo ( left ) of her arm hooked up to an iv drip after the new york metropolitan museum of art ’s met gala in 2012 the 21 - year - old singer was reportedly hospitalised with breathing difficulties after suffering an allergic reaction to an antibiotic she took after contracting the flu